hey man you wanna build some muscle yeah
it's good
debts real good you just found one of
the Fitness channel out the way what's
up everybody
come on now watch out Eagle man goes out
man there you go get some room
get up fuck about him man you know we
got so much games Lily cave in the camp
watches watches only no I wish it up
comer traps girl it damn games man look
at map like going back to jail man come
in sex we do today but 18 says let's go
back to do ten more no man making some
games many good o kinds of games look
you owe cats big getting emails Punjabi
nose in our workouts yeah we lifted some
right ass way we lifted some bitch
weights compared to what we're doing
let's say yeah month ago
you know what cuz he jumped off a
certain woman look man all seriousness
what we don't we didn't jump off an end
your cuz we keep it a hundred percent
natural view you we natural right
hundreds it but look II aware oh the
reason I don't drugs in this body look
ill man skin serious milk I'm AM serious
man
serious reason why we drop the weights
down because in prom months Chris
focusing on strength game yes
trying to get stronger yeah you don't
say
and it worked too minute yeah you load
and wipe down walk around forty six
friends don't tranny fame how about you
will make you make all can get strong
its fuck yeah ain't in plan
hey we played a minute Lana make some
games and now we're gonna focus on
building more
you we're going to still apply the
principle progressive overload which is
you know constantly try to move up and
wait in your same amount of reps as you
did with a lighter weight no that way by
the way we're doing high reps taking out
sets now you know what from 8 to 15 reps
a set yeah yes shit hurts too much and
we still not hitting failure we still
not hitting failure and we got about two
reps before here right and we're is why
we're doing it we're not we're not we're
left worried about strength we're
focusing more on use it side to return
man I can't say it though I'll sit
chassis see it approaches there you go
okay lesia breakfast say it say it man
I'm gonna say it hold on you miss that
aperture fee for purchasing you just
take a hypertrophy yeah okay move over
one times again no more the craziest
channel is just raping words hypochromic
well shit with a same oh no man who says
great shit man did help any with this
damn country Wesson what's that a DMA
was called it died for me I don't know
how you pronounce it I think that's how
you pronounce it right down I don't
fucking know I just look at it and take
a wild guess it look but anyway that's
why we dropping the weights down yeah
and also man wait 38 years old man may I
gotta take it easy on the joints man
yeah you know lifted heavy that shit
will take a toll on the elbows and the
shoulders men can't be lifting heavy his
head you can't continually going to try
to move the weights up at some point in
your weight lifting was where look phone
lifetime
stupid ass weird man yo lifting
aspirations whatever the fuck that means
I don't know what it means sounds good
though but you might realize you've you
immortal the less you an excel tape you
know you go hit a point in your your
left in mass like you know what I better
chill man
huncles nasty shit up man we didn't say
we didn't say don't be a bitch in the
jam yeah what she says not what we say
hey you stop telling you this you some
come six man you lose either I can sixty
years old one day you say nice six year
old motherfucker fuck snapped up
didn't know I didn't know her you know a
man you don't want to date I'm not
getting any younger man no net more
fucking winning man put 405 family bitch
and slap up all kinds of shit man well
just be say pushing something Jim not
saying be a pussy man put yourself in my
but realize at one point time man you
might snap some shit up and when you
snap your shit up man this embarrassing
as hell man everybody's looking at you
you might be get walked out on the game
and don't let an ambulance or the
firetruck short name ain't nobody ever
go for your desk yet and if I made it
did next days look look look annex Davis
snap to shovel now will you come back
three or four four months later look at
him I said dude snap this fucking shit
up I was right beside his ass I heard it
get bitch-slap yeah man Widow that's I
take on that that's I advise bring the
paint on this man she do over though Wow
do you wanna do